Remamasita ehh she is Miss Colombia and without further ado, Miss Carmen Lucía Aldana
Uyyy my sweetie, what masss!
Come, take a chair
Let's start with the questions my love
Eehh assistant the cloth to embolarle the girl please
How am I doing, miss, well, with that beauty you make me nervous
I'm going to ask you the first question
Ehh, to you who is sponsoring her in this reign?
Look! you heard, I believe that I am sponsored by the white brandy of the valley because I am the target of all eyes.
See and I see you as well as beautiful, all replies, what music do you hear?
You heard, because I like it as well as the CD's music, I think that because it's the best
Ahh and you who are so beautiful, a rose fell from the sky and your mother picked it up and see how beautiful it was
Ehh, I'm going to ask you a question, do you think about gay marriages?
What happens is that good I think that now you have to live as a free union, or say that man with man, woman with woman and in the same way in the opposite direction, do you understand?
See beauty and do you when you study in the university and teach you philosophy, what did you learn?
Mirá vé I saw philosophy in the university the pontifical one of San Pachito de Belalcazar and I saw a semester in philosophy and I learned that, osse, what everybody knows, that platón invented the dishes and confucius the confusion, obvious
And so a tricky question, do you think of hunger in Afrique?
I think that the situation of hunger in Afrique is very good because they make a diet super great and have a figure!, Definitely.
See, another question, what kind of silícona do you use, because you are very much in the know?
Ayyy, well look, I use the silícona the house to glue the tablecloths, organize Christmas things, if you understand me?
Can you be a busy woman? I am going to ask you the last question. What do you think about the role of women in Colombia?
You can play the role of women in Colombia I believe that women have to value ourselves and believe the story that we have to value ourselves and we have to walk in BMW, Mazda, with brand clothes, that kind of thing.
So I can see you as a half brutish, because I tell you one thing, they will not be like her, I study because if you young people do not assume the direction of your own country, nobody, NO ONE, will do it for you!
So far CM &, the newscast where we do not inform you.